chore(release): update spring-boot examples (#32)
camunda/camunda-bpm-examples: spring-boot-starter/example-autodeployment/README.md

3. You can also put BPMN, CMMN and DMN files in your classpath, they will be automatically deployed and registered within the process application.

> 4. When implementing the process application in [standard manner](https://docs.camunda.org/manual/latest/user-guide/process-applications/the-process-application-class/),

Reviewer: The link should point to the 7.13 version of the docs since this version of the examples might be checked-out and used after several releases. In that case, using latest wouldn't be valid.

```suggestion
4. When implementing the process application in [standard manner](https://docs.camunda.org/manual/7.13/user-guide/process-applications/the-process-application-class/),
```
